all right I think it was Avery was Avery
Jordan Avery
yeah let's do a 'very so I get a control
of the tarragon I do let go of me
drop me let go you want to go buy some
sweet wine on the good house no God
everything's sort of killed me already a
good heart fell this isn't cool I got to
oh god there's a man just hiding in the
trees
how am I supposed to see him you know
what maybe look I don't think we're
supposed to go that way
oh no I'm gonna die already three two
seconds leave me alone oh I killed
myself with a grenade
fantastic I'm gonna let this come P just
do what it does and I'm holding left now
just take me to the left
oh wow this looks like a cool a place to
be oh god damn and it's take me back to
its nest isn't it
I'm gonna go to the left that seems
awesome no let go of me
ah we got loads of machine-gun bullets
let's go to the left oh we can't Hey
I'll kill you heights everywhere and
leave me alone pterodactyl I got this
I got a hey is that a flamethrower Oh
Carl it is just light them on fire are
we gonna continue well maybe we'll do
this burn to a crisp oh oh hey hey hey
hey guys why is it rough - not dying why
is it refuse to die I just keep falling
and falling and falling but I mean I
mean I'm guessing I'm going the right
way yeah we got help
oh that's another continue I mean at
checkpoint Oh God tickets to the
pterodactyls gets you
Oh God then you you go back first on
there let it go we're so close puppies
don't you son of a bitch let go of me
let go like seriously what follow me all
all the way no I'm not doing it I'm not
going back with you you're gonna have to
go all the way back down this time with
four enemies I miss I wasn't
oh it's electric it's electric we can do
it use electricity
let's go down that way kill it's not
another one like leave me alone god damn
it all of you I fell so far but I'm
still alive you know killed in the
corner Oh her andis okay ah it looks
like it doesn't matter how far you fall
you are you don't take damage so I mean
that's that's a good side let's just
keep going
it's just you know you're not not taking
me Jesus I'm not your baby
I don't even look like a dinosaur oh
Jesus this is amazing of love innocence
on the edge of my seat flame inside
kill the pterodactyl watching out for
guys so where the hell am I am I the
father is this where I'm supposed to go
oh I did it
I actually did it maybe we can do the
rest is it possible I don't think so
I think I'm gonna leave it that we're
gonna freakin do this three levels and
then stop it back because I don't know
this anyway I can do this but join me
next time when we're applying this
erupted and I hope you were joined just
apartment if you are leave a like it
really helps me out and I'll see you
next time bye